|"Nontechnical description"|"SOI"|"097Ct1"|"Ct CROSSPLAIN-TETONKA COMPLEX - The Crossplain series consists of deep, somewhat poorly and poorly drained soils formed in glacial drift in swales and drainageways of uplands. The soils have slow or moderately slow permeability. This soil has high available water capacity and moderate organic matter content. Flooding is FREQ."|"355392"|"1404540"
|"Nontechnical description"|"SOI"|"097Ct2"|"Ct CROSSPLAIN-TETONKA COMPLEX - The Tetonka series consists of deep, poorly drained soils formed in local alluvium in depressions on uplands. Permeability is very slow or slow. This soil has high available water capacity and high organic matter content. Flooding is NONE. Ponding duration is LONG."|"355392"|"1404541"
|"Nontechnical description"|"RNG"|"055C04"|"Wet Meadow Range Site: This range site has the potential to produce a luxuriant stand of sedges and mid or tall grasses. Sedges, such as woolly sedge, are abundant. Prairie cordgrass, reedgrasses, fowl bluegrass, and in places reed canarygrass, commonly occur in significant amounts. Western wheatgrass may occur on drier inclusions within the site. Forbs such as smartweed and false aster occur in small amounts. Shrubs and trees rarely occur. With continued overuse the tall grasses and more palatable sedges decrease. As this occurs, less palatable sedges, spikesedge, and rushes increase and weedy grasses such as foxtail barley invade. Forage production of the site is then greatly reduced."|"355392"|"1404542"
|"Nontechnical description"|"SOI"|"097EgD1"|"EgD ETHAN-CLARNO COMPLEX, 9 TO 15 PERCENT SLOPES - The Ethan series consists of deep, well drained soils formed in glacial till. They have moderate permeability in the solum and moderately slow permeability in the underlying material. This soil has high available water capacity and moderate organic matter content. Flooding is NONE."|"355399"|"1404554"
|"Nontechnical description"|"SOI"|"097EgD2"|"EgD ETHAN-CLARNO COMPLEX, 9 TO 15 PERCENT SLOPES - The Clarno series consists of deep, well drained or moderately well drained soils formed in glacial till on uplands. Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow in the underlying material. This soil has high available water capacity and moderate organic matter content. Flooding is NONE."|"355399"|"1404555"
|"Nontechnical description"|"RNG"|"055C12"|"Thin Upland Range Site: Climax plant cover is a mixture characteristic of the transition between the true and mixed prairie. Little bluestem is the major dominant. Other important grasses are sideoats grama, green needlegrass, needleandthread, and plains muhly. Prairie sandreed may occur in places. Blue grama, sedges, and bluegrass make up the understory. Forbs, such as pasqueflower and blacksamson, and woody plants, such as leadplant and rose, are of common occurrence. With overuse the bluestems and other tall grasses are replaced by an increase of needleandthread and sideoats grama. Continued overuse results in a major increase of short grasses. Because of the relative inaccessibility, remnants of the midgrasses are usually found on this site even after they have disappeared from other range sites in the same pasture."|"355399"|"1404556"
|"Nontechnical description"|"RNG"|"055C10"|"Silty Range Site: Climax plant cover is a mixture characteristic of the transition between the true and mixed prairie. Green needlegrass and western wheatgrass are the major constant dominants. Other cool season species are needleandthread, characteristic of mixed prairie, and porcupinegrass, of true prairie. Warm season grasses such as big and little bluestem, prairie dropseed, and sideoats grama are of considerable importance. Blue grama, Kentucky bluegrass, and sedges make up the understory. Forbs and shrubs, though generally not abundant, are an important part of the climax vegetation. With overuse the bluestems, prairie dropseed, porcupinegrass, and green needlegrass decrease and are replaced by western wheatgrass and needleandthread. Continued overuse results in a cover of short grasses such as blue grama or Kentucky bluegrass."|"355399"|"1404557"
